documentation/contrib/lang.md, before:

<!--bl
(filemeta
    (title "Adding a language"))
/bl-->

### A Note

Remembering the intent with adding languages, I ask that you do not look at any of the current solutions. I do not want the exercise for every language to look like every other language.

Instead the goal is to use the best aspects of your language to recreate the desired behavior but having the solution be a language native solutions.

### Focus on Tests

Since the goal is expected behavior then I ask people to start by focusing on the tests. If you use the tests as a guide instead of the target code, you are in a better position for building a language native solution. This solution should be well designed.

### A Difference of Paradigm

The initial solutions were done in an Object Oriented paradigm. If your language uses a different paradigm or even supports a different paradigm it is desirable that the refactoring not be held to being Object Oriented. In that case, I expect the tests to be very different.

The main thing here is that the intent of the behavior of the test is kept. So if a shape would have been classified as a rectangle in the OO code, it still should be classified as a such.

### A Good Design First

Like I said before, your initial solution should be a well designed solution. Once you have a good solution, you will then destructure the solution to be a mess.

### A Path to Destructuring

With any language there are a **_LOT_** of ways to make ugly code. That does not mean you will want to use them all. Even though this exercise is targeting people who have some experience with refactoring the goal in destructuring is not obfuscation.

The logic I used to decide if a destructuring was going to occur was:

> If the I have seen the thought process that would lead to someone typing this code in production then it is okay.

**Example:** In C# I have seen people assign things to lambdas that would be better done as a method. There for destructuring a method to a lambda is okay, even when it makes things really complex and duplicated.

**Counter Example:** I have never met a programmer that wanted to type JavaScript Assembly. Therefore I would not embed JavaScript Assembly in the JavaScript version.

Commit message:

started work on documenting test cases

documentation/contrib/lang.md, after:

<!--bl
(filemeta
    (title "Adding a language"))
/bl-->

### A Note

Remembering the intent with adding languages, I ask that you do not look at any of the current solutions. I do not want the exercise for every language to look like every other language.

Instead the goal is to use the best aspects of your language to recreate the desired behavior but having the solution be a language native solutions.

### Focus on Tests

Since the goal is expected behavior then I ask people to start by focusing on the tests. If you use the tests as a guide instead of the target code, you are in a better position for building a language native solution. This solution should be well designed.

You can always refer to this [guide](.\test_cases.md) on the test cases to help you along. (NOTE: This guide is just being developed and may not be complete.)

### A Difference of Paradigm

The initial solutions were done in an Object Oriented paradigm. If your language uses a different paradigm or even supports a different paradigm it is desirable that the refactoring not be held to being Object Oriented. In that case, I expect the tests to be very different.

The main thing here is that the intent of the behavior of the test is kept. So if a shape would have been classified as a rectangle in the OO code, it still should be classified as a such.

### A Good Design First

Like I said before, your initial solution should be a well designed solution. Once you have a good solution, you will then destructure the solution to be a mess.

### A Path to Destructuring

With any language there are a **_LOT_** of ways to make ugly code. That does not mean you will want to use them all. Even though this exercise is targeting people who have some experience with refactoring the goal in destructuring is not obfuscation.

The logic I used to decide if a destructuring was going to occur was:

> If the I have seen the thought process that would lead to someone typing this code in production then it is okay.

**Example:** In C# I have seen people assign things to lambdas that would be better done as a method. There for destructuring a method to a lambda is okay, even when it makes things really complex and duplicated.

**Counter Example:** I have never met a programmer that wanted to type JavaScript Assembly. Therefore I would not embed JavaScript Assembly in the JavaScript version.
